To all current and former members of the University community: Teaching and research staff, students, administrative and service staff, as well as associated staff of institutes and research groups, departments, faculties and unions, from the collective #NotMyUniversityليست_جامعتي #, the Spanish Inter-University Network of Solidarity with Palestine, appalled by the information coming out of Palestine, and Gaza in particular, we call on you to sign this manifesto denouncing the collective punishment that Israel is inflicting, with the complicit silence, if not acquiescence, of the international community, especially the European Union, on 2.3 million defenceless and innocent people. We call on the university community throughout Spain to join us in our firm rejection of the argument that the murders and kidnappings of civilians committed by Hamas - which we unequivocally condemn - can justify the blockade, the indiscriminate attacks and the invasion of Gaza, as well as the unpunished actions of the settlers who terrorise the population of the West Bank and East Jerusalem, actions that international humanitarian law considers to be flagrant war crimes and crimes against humanity.
The toll is already staggering: in one month, the number of displaced persons has exceeded one million and the death toll has risen to more than 10,000. Health, education and housing infrastructures throughout Gaza have been destroyed and more than 30,000 people have been injured. Among the institutions attacked and destroyed are the Islamic University of Gaza and Al-Aqsa University, partners of a dozen Spanish universities in teaching and research projects. Our colleagues in all the Palestinian universities with which we have international mobility agreements call on us to denounce these crimes and demand that our authorities put pressure on Israel to comply with international law.
We also call on the entire university community to reflect on the fact that the violation of the national and human rights of the Palestinian people as a whole, the violence and the unbearable daily life and lack of future for Palestinians in Gaza, the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the refugee camps in Lebanon, Jordan and Syria, only fuel violence and extremism. Each new generation of children grows up deprived of basic necessities, including the right to education and a decent future, with lifelong physical and psychological consequences. We must prevent this situation from continuing to the point of extinction, and we therefore encourage the entire university community to take all possible measures to put pressure on institutions and governments.
The Palestinian people are victims of decades of suffering, of a systematic policy of expulsion, dispossession, apartheid and annihilation by Israel, the original cause of which is the denial of their existence for 75 years.
Given the scale of the ongoing genocide, we ask for your signature to demand that the authorities of Spanish universities make a public and explicit declaration of support for the Palestinian people, in accordance with the guiding principles of the university statutes and the long history of our universities taking a stance in defence of peace, justice and the dignity of all peoples, which are also the basis of our university life.
7 November 2023
#NotMyUniversityليست_جامعتتي #

The Manifesto
Endorsement of the Manifesto
Manifesto signatories
Validate signature
Sign the petition
View signatures
Fields marked with an asterisk * are required.
First name * First name * Surname
First name * Surname
Second Surname * Second Surname *
If you do not have a second surname, please enter a blank space.
Affiliation (university, research centre, etc.)
DNI/NIE (Information provided in this field will not be made public, see Privacy Policy)
DNI/NIE is invalid
E-mail (The information provided in this field will not be public, see privacy policy) *
E-mail (The information provided in this field will not be public, see privacy policy) * 
E-mail address
Collective *.
Select an option
I agree to receive information about future promotions.
I accept the privacy policy
Sign here
The signature has been sent correctly, thank you for your support.
To validate it, use the code sent by email, if you can't find it, check your spam folder.
You can validate your signature with the code you received on the next page:
Validate your signature
Signature Validation
Enter your validation code
Validate
First Name
Family Name
Collective
Membership

In accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and Organic Law 3/2018 of 5 December on the Protection of Personal Data and the Guarantee of Digital Rights, of 5 December, on the protection of personal data and the guarantee of digital rights, you are informed that your personal data will only be used within the framework of the #NotMyUniversity/جامعتي_ليست # campaign of the Inter-University Network with Palestine, namely: Your name and surname will be published in order to support the statement; your DNI/NIE will be added in order to make a formal request to Rectorates and CRUE, Ministry of Universities and Congress of Deputies; your email address will be used primarily for the purpose of making the statement.
Your email address will be used first to verify your identity and then to send you information about the Network, if you have agreed to receive it. The Inter-University Network with Palestine will in no case commercialise the personal data collected through its website and will use all available means to ensure the security of the data collected.
The persons responsible for data processing are
Celia Fernández Aller (Escuela Técnica Superior de Ingeniería de Sistemas Informáticos, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid; C/ Alan Turing s/n, 28031 Madrid), Ángeles Manjarrés Riesco (Escuela Técnica Superior de Ingeniería Informática, Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia; C/ Juan del Rosal 16, 28040 Madrid) and Simon Pickin (Facultad de Informática, Universidad Complutense de Madrid; C/ del Prof. José García Santesmases, 9, 28040 Madrid).
The personal data provided will be kept only for the time necessary to fulfil the purposes for which they were collected and to establish any obligations that may arise from that purpose and the processing of the data.
The data subject may exercise his/her rights of access, rectification, objection, deletion, portability and restriction of processing, as well as the right not to be subjected to decisions based solely on automated processing of his/her data: to do so, please send a request to notmyuniversity@gmail.com. For further information, please contact notmyuniversity@gmail.com. By signing this request, you are giving your consent and accepting this privacy policy.
